feat(components): [image-viewer] add `minScale` and `maxScale` (#14120)
element-plus/element-plus: docs/en-US/component/image.md

| preview-teleported    | whether to append image-viewer to body. A nested parent element attribute transform should have this attribute set to `true`.                     | ^[boolean]                                                              | false   |
| infinite              | whether the viewer preview is infinite.                                                                                                           | ^[boolean]                                                              | true    |
| zoom-rate             | the zoom rate of the image viewer zoom event.                                                                                                     | ^[number]                                                               | 1.2     |

> | min-scale             | the min scale of the image viewer zoom event.                                                                                                     | ^[number]                                                               | 0.2     |
> | max-scale             | the max scale of the image viewer zoom event.                                                                                                     | ^[number]                                                               | 7       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| min-scale ^(2.4.0)            | the min scale of the image viewer zoom event.                                                                                                     | ^[number]                                                               | 0.2     |
| max-scale ^(2.4.0)             | the max scale of the image viewer zoom event.                                                                                                     | ^[number]                                                               | 7       |
```

Author: sure!

| hide-on-click-modal   | whether user can emit close event when clicking backdrop.                                                                     | ^[boolean]            | false   |
| teleported            | whether to append image itself to body. A nested parent element attribute transform should have this attribute set to `true`. | ^[boolean]            | false   |
| zoom-rate ^(2.2.27)   | the zoom rate of the image viewer zoom event.                                                                                 | ^[number]             | 1.2     |

> | min-scale ^(2.3.13)   | the min scale of the image viewer zoom event.                                                                                 | ^[number]             | 0.2     |
> | max-scale ^(2.3.13)   | the max scale of the image viewer zoom event.                                                                                 | ^[number]             | 7       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| min-scale ^(2.4.0)   | the min scale of the image viewer zoom event.                                                                                 | ^[number]             | 0.2     |
| max-scale ^(2.4.0)   | the max scale of the image viewer zoom event.                                                                                 | ^[number]             | 7       |
```

Reviewer: @IceyWu Can you update the version?
